great my name's Lucy Nicholson and I
teach on the degree in dance performance
and teaching as part of the third years
module m in teaching in in different
contexts I've invited the performance
company who represent dance United's
work and to come and talk to third years
about their experience to take part in
technique class with the third years and
they're also going to perform dance
united is the uk's leading dance company
working in the criminal justice system
and so some of the performance companies
have been through their academy program
others have recruited from local schools
and colleges in bradford well today was
about learning about a particular style
of teaching and a company that and
worked with particularly difficult and
challenging behavior so um if if any of
the students decide that's a route
they'd like to go down then they've kind
of experience a company that they could
look into working with I think it's
vital the students are studying to gain
skills to go out into the community and
become dance teachers or performance or
what they choose to do and without a
first-hand experience of what's going on
in the community then they're not very
well prepared to do that so I think it's
vital that they experience in an
environment where they feel secure
enough to learn that and that they see
what's going on so that they can make
choices about what they then go on to do
if the quality the quality is very good
we've got good floors and a studio that
we can both
rehearse and and technically training as
well as performing and we have technical
assistance here and so the the quality
of the the studios and the provision
here is very high so quality part to the
degree i think as long as you're willing
to work really hard as long as you're
willing to do a lot of work in your own
time as well as the the time on the
degree formal training and then there is
a real wealth of opportunity out there
whether it be teaching in the community
teaching in a school performing making
work administrating dances there are a
lot of options as long as you're you're
willing to work hard together